The problem we're facing currently in the app is that we're not always seeing our latest place and that
has something to do with a behavior by ionic pages which I covered earlier in the course.
They are cached and therefore if I reload the app while someone in new app offer page the other pages
haven't been visited yet and therefore they're not cached and hence if I add a new place here we don't
have that problem we have otherwise because now if I submit this we actually reached cyber pages for
the first time and they offer for our offers page and all the four to discover page NGO on and it will
run when we visit them.
If we however reload the app vaults we're on this page here on the Discover page and then we go to offers
and then we add a new place.
Then we have visited both discovered and offers and they're both in the cache because we never pop them
off of our page stack.
We only added new pages on top and hence when we add a new place here and we come back we don't see
our place here or here because we're still using the old cached worsen and they have four engine and
it never runs again and check the routing module in this cause if that doesn't tell you anything.
I did cover it there so we'll have to make sure we fetch our data differently or we handle our updating
mechanism differently.
And then the routing module I just mentioned I showed you that you can use iron.
You did enter and will enter to basically control when you fetch data here.
I want to use a different approach and approach.
I would actually recommend overly iron you did to enter approach.
You can use subjects.
Now what's the subject a subject is an object construct.
You can import from our exchanges are extra as a dependency of angular you'll find it in your package
Doug Jason File we are using the r x j ust package here and this is a package which is all about observable
which in turn is a javascript construct that is about passing data around in streams of data.
You could say now attached you'll find a link to a serious I made on YouTube where I explained more
about that here will use it in one construct are extra us gives us is the so-called subject.
Now this is simply an event a bitter where in one place we can emit any event and in another place we
can subscribe to it and then do something when an event occurs.
And this allows us to emit events let's say here in the places service and then the different pages
we have an NGO in it we can set up a subscription and they offer NGO and then it doesn't need to run
again because we only want to have one subscription at a time.
But that subscription will keep ongoing even if the page is not visible or if it has been cached and
therefore whenever something changes regarding that subscription and we emit a new place.
So to say we'll get it automatically here.
Now that's the theory.
Let's see it in practice.
So for the places service I will actually replace my places array here which displaces object and not
just store an array in there but instead a new behavior subject.
Now behavior a subject is a construct imported from that our extremes package.
I just mentioned it's a special kind of subject that is exactly that event amateur that I described
but that when we subscribe to it always gives us the latest previously emitted value so that we basically
get the most recent data point.
Even if we set up a new subscription instead of just future events because if we're listening to our
places we immediately want to have the current list and not just future updates behavior subject is
created theater with the constructor function.
It's a so-called generic type which simply means that in typescript we can add these angled brackets
here to describe which kind of data it will eventually give us and that will be that array of places.
So you add this type annotation in these angled brackets and you therefore remove it here because the
type of places now is behavior subject which will eventually give us an array of places and an array
of starting places we had here.
Well you can just cut that and add as an argument to the behavior subject constructor here with Dad
we're creating a new behavior subject that will start with our default list of places now when we add
a new place here we don't push it to the places array because places is no longer in the right.
It's that that is our behavior subject and there we instead call next and next emits a new event that
new event will basically be our new data.
And of course that should be our old array of places with that new place added to it.
And verdad we first of all need to get our current array of places.
And for this will can we can change our gather here because we are not returning a copy of this places
because this places is a subject now.
Instead here we return this places as observable.
This simply gives us a subscriber able object so that from outside we can subscribe to places.
This will however not allow us to emit new events so new events can only be emitted here by directly
accessing the subject not by accessing D observable we're returning here.
So this is really just a subscription only part of the subject.
You could say now we can get our places here day for.
So this places without the underscore gives us that subscribe a little part though we could all use
underscore this has underscored places has both the middle part with next and subscribed part with subscribe
but we can also use the non underscore worship which is just that subscribe a part so subscribe works
here.
Next would not work here.
Now enough of the talking I can subscribe here and in that subscribe function I pass a number function
as an argument which will execute whenever we set up the subscription because it's a behavior subject
and we therefore get the latest value and whenever a new value is emitted.
Now of course I don't want to get all future updates.
I only want to get the current array of places in here and for this we can use yet the never asks J
as concept which our operators operators allow us to perform certain operations on our observable and
a subject is just an observable we add such operators by calling the pipe method which exists on every
observable and therefore all is on the subject.
And here we can add as many operators as we want and I will add the take operator here which we need
to import up here we import to take from our exchange S slash operators so you add this import at the
top.
So it's also coming from that our express package.
And then here we can call Take 1.
And what this means.
I know it looks strange initially but what this means is Please have a look at my places subject which
is this thing up there which in the end holds or wraps our array of places and please subscribe to it
but only take one object and then automatically cancel the description.
So did I only get the current latest list of places that I don't listen to future places.
Therefore here in this function I pass to subscribe we get that places array and places here is now
not my place as property but a local variable or an argument that I can use instead of this function
passed to subscribe.
And in there I can they offer an alcohol.
This place is next and basically omit places which is now just an array of places where I can call comcast
to add a new place on it and that would be my new place.
Now Comcast is a default javascript array method which takes the old array on which we call it adds
a new place and returns a new array and that new Array is what we then emit.
With the help of next I know that this whole observable stuff can be really intimidating and therefore
definitely check out that attached.
Serious I mentioned if you want to learn more about that it does in the end allow us to write very elegant
code that ensures that our application stays in sync and is updated correctly everywhere.
Now of course we're not done yet though I'm emitting a new event where I take my old places into account
and we've got a couple of errors here.
For example when I find a specific place and I also of course need to subscribe to that in the parts
of my application.
So in the components and pages that need are a place array and we'll finish all that up in the next
lecture.